Experts Master List of Sales Angle Appeals

Notice: Use this 3-Part System to generate “no-sweat” Social Media Content that will do its job at lightning speed!

Instructions: Combine One C.T.A. (CALL to ACTION) with 1 or more Angles(found below) and AT LEAST 1 Tactic (found below)  to build compelling pieces of content from scratch quickly.

Content can be an email, a blog post, a social media post, or even a direct offer.

Remember: 1C.T.A.** + (1 or more) Angle + (1 or more) Tactic = Successful Content

An acceptable Call to Action ranges from things like: 
Read my blog
Visit my website
Send me a text message or call me
Visit my online store
Buy a product
Download a free tool
Clicking any number of various links…

**You do not want to add more than one C.T.A. or risk-reducing the potency of your offers.








THESE ARE SALES ANGLES 

Fear of Missing Out (FOMO): 
Do you ever feel like you're missing out on something? Like you're not living your life to the fullest? That's Fear of Missing Out, or FOMO for short. And it can be a powerful motivator. Deploy the Fear of Missing Out to create a sense of urgency that motivates qualified buyers into action before they lose out on a limited opportunity. The one thing all FOMO appeals share is an end date where non-action has consequences - because without consequence the target has no reason to act. 

Limited Time: “For a limited time only...” These are some of the most prolific words in all of sales, and for good reason. 
Coupon Code good before 4/20
Cart closes at midnight
Discount expires Monday at 5 pm.


Limited Quantity: Not exclusive to physical items only, a Limited Quantity is an effective angle for 
We only have X available
Get this special bonus on the next X orders ONLY
Our coaching mastermind only has X seats left


“Before Bad”: When your target is on a direct path to suffering negative consequences if they don’t take up your offer, consider deploying the “Before Bad” angle. The fear of time running out before consequences is a form of FOMO and it is used well in many industries where 
Get insured before you leave your family with unexpected bills
Conquer your emotional intelligence before 
Read this book before your boss does



Us vs Them: 
Positioning your business against an opposition endears like-minded individuals to your “side”. Since people identify themselves with the things they buy, for many, their choice of brand, model, or experience becomes a part of who they are because it represents who they aren’t. Add an element of urgency and drama to your marketing to get your audience to pay attention. Don’t underestimate the power of positioning yourself as the underdog fighting against big, bad competitors, you can rally your supporters around your cause and get them excited about what you’re doing.
Classic: Definitive statements that draw a line, implying that you are either on one side or the other:
Apple users think different
Real American Bikers Ride Harley Davidson
“Choosy Moms Choose Jif”


On a Mission: Missions are easy for your audience to understand because they have a clear definition and finite goal. Declaring your organization to be “on a mission” implies relatively that others are NOT - even only by the act of complacency. Repositioning your content as an extension of your larger mission may appeal strongly to zealots for your cause. These people react emotionally in the moment. 
We’re on a mission to finally end XYZ!
Our mission is to empower female executives how to ABC!
Join us as we change the way busy mothers XYZ


Correcting False Info: When institutions or popular beliefs are contradicted, it usually catches people’s interest. Everyone loves feeling like they know better than the average Joe, so use that by presenting your messaging as “the facts”.
97% of X have been doing ABC wrong
Did you Know XYZ?!?
What you don’t know about the XYZ hoax


The “Bad Guy”: help your audience see you as the good guy by clearly pointing out the “bad guy”. Uniting around a common Sometimes it can be authority figures or institutions, others it can be ideas or communities that you can rally against. “The bad guys are out there doing horrible things, but I’m not one of them. In fact, “I’m the exact opposite.” It’s a great way to build trust and show that you’re not like the other guys.
The Thing Big Banks DON’T Want You to Know
5 Critical Facts That They Won’t Teach You In Medical School
You don’t have to take it from the IRS anymore!




Social Proof: 
It’s human nature to look to others for guidance when you are unsure of something. Showing that others similar to your target have had a positive experience is the best indicator to them that they will too. More convincing than any other appeal alone to a qualified buyer, a raw article of Social Proof can break through logical objections and drive a cautious buyer to act. Great social proof content can be anchored easily with gratitude and reciprocity which fits nicely into a call to action. 

1st Person Proof: A video or written testimonial from a happy customer is incredibly powerful. Rule of thumb for any webpage or campaign, there is no such thing as too many testimonials! A direct evaluation can be the most powerful appeal of a discerning buyer so always be sure to have a program in place to collect these.
Testimonials
Reviews
Awards


3rd Party: Direct data or even anecdotal information that supports your position, laid out in a way that argues your case. 
“The Karate association reports that karate helps kids get better grades”
“The LA Times reports Homes with solar panels are valued higher”
“4 out of 5 Texas Homeowners believe that…”


Endorsements: Using the words written about you by an expert or thought leader can go a long way toward and will elevate you to the level of authority. When a trusted source says something is valid, you don’t have to. 
Sponsored by MyMarketingPass
Endorsed by George Foreman
Supported by the first woman president of the Pawnee Chamber
Official sports drink of the University Of Switzerland


Distinctions: If you’ve achieved a level of excellence that nobody else has, this can be used as a form of social proof that you know what you are doing.
Award Winner
Record Holder
First in the world

      E. Unbiased Opinion
Pepsi Challenge







Dog Whistle: 
Saying something only your qualified target would pick up on. In a world of constant messages shouting, a subtle hint can be what it takes to get someone's attention. 
Pain-specific problem:
Do you ever get the feeling your babysitter might be doing more than babysitting?
Tired of missing out on activities because you can’t breathe?
This message is only for people who are experiencing X, Y, or even Z
If you have ever X’d, Y’d, or Z’d, this is what you’re looking for!
For busy professionals who are sick of never having time to eat with their families
The grass is always greener:
You don’t have to let COPD symptoms keep you from spending time with your grandkids
If you wish you had more time to 


Future Pacing:
You’re going to be the happiest 
Become the proudest homeowner on the block
Never lose a lead again






Shout: 
The opposite of a Dog Whistle, a shout directly names the reader by their most obvious and glaring qualifying attribute. Since the consumers we are trying to reach are bombarded by hundreds of advertisements a day, sometimes we find ourselves in situations where it’s best to put aside subtlety and shout directly at them to get their attention in the crowd.  
The Callout:
Hey, HOMEOWNER in Southern California!! 
BUSY BUSINESS PROFESSIONALS in Miami looking to build their network faster?
Tucsonans who need dental work!!

Open Letter: The Open Letter is a traditional trigger used since the early days of print advertising. An open letter assumes the sale. It comes with confidence, instead of asking someone to consider their offer, but to step right up and “take a number” so they can get you up to speed.
An Open Letter to Business Coaches in Fairfax
An Open Letter to All Mothers of newborns
An Open Letter to Owners of “Senior Dogs” over the age of 8

Notice: A Notice masks itself as an industry campaign meant for all potentially affected consumers. Many people will not consider the source when they encounter a Notice that speaks a language that is relevant to them and will take the message as news.
Notice for SoCal HOMEOWNERS: You are paying way too much for…
Important Announcement for Amazon Prime Users!
Critical Memo for Ford Drivers Only!

Shooting the Elephant: Sometimes your audience has hard truth that they aren’t acknowledging or maybe even haven’t verbalized. Calling out these “elephants” and preverbially “shooting” them by calling them out for whatever they are. 


 

New: 
Something can only be new once, and the “new” appeal drives curiosity to find out before everyone else. People are looking for a better mousetrap, and for a brief moment, your something new might be exactly that - making it a timeless and universal appeal. 

Classic: New allows a product to be both unproven and flawless as it is yet to be proven otherwise. The opposite of social Proof.
New Tax Software For Small Businesses
Try This New Impossible Burger
The New Way To Buy A Car in Raleigh

Back By Popular Demand: Relaunching your offer because people couldn’t live without it is proof to your audience it works. 
Get the Classic edition!
We’ve Brought Back The Original!
Back By Popular Demand: Szechuan Sauce!

New & Improved!: If you’ve made a functional or cosmetic change to your offer, you can bring it back as “New and Improved”.  
New Barbasol Shave Cream: Thicker Lather and Better Skin Conditioning
New & Improved VoiceLetics Training Program
You spoke, we listened! Get the enhanced 2nd Edition of Cards Against Humanity





Bandwagon: 
“If everyone else is jumping off a bridge,” would you do it too? Statistically speaking, it's possible. For many people, the influence of their peers is persuasively important and if others were jumping off a proverbial bridge they absolutely will too, even if the reason didn’t make a whole lot of sense - it’s human nature. You can’t underestimate the power of otherwise unresponsive individuals to jump onto a bandwagon with others they know, like, or respect are already doing it too.

Classic Bandwagon: Making a credible statement leading your audience to believe that your offer is popular and therefore safe. 
All the best copywriters are using these 10 angles
The fastest-growing entrepreneurs in Los Angeles are XYZ
The best moms in Flagstaff are taking their children to XYZ

Authority:
Phoenix voted and it’s official: we serve the best burgers in the area!
Siskel & Ebert agree: Home Alone is the perfect Christmas family film.
Over 10 Million Users Can’t Be Wrong!


Established: Audiences equate being around for a long time with being good at what you do. Otherwise, how would we still be doing it? 
Was your father a FORD MAN, too?
Ask Your Neighbors About The AARP
We have over 200 years of experience...

Trending: Online or off, a product, service, or  that is quickly rising in popularity can be considered trending 
More people than ever are XYZ and here’s why
There has been a rise in XYZ
XYZ activity has doubled since January
 
Embarrassment/Pain: Social stigma is a powerful force that influences your buyer relating to your product or service, however benign or direct that may be.
Get rid of embarrassing XYZ issues
Keep from being the guy that doesn’t have XYZ at your next meeting
Don’t be embarrassed by your website ever again


**Negative version is jealousy?



Better Mousetrap: 
Your buyers are always on the lookout for a “better mousetrap” to solve their respective mouse problems. Even if they’ve seen what you do a thousand times, the right “Better Mousetrap” appeal will persuade at least a percentage of qualified prospects in your audience to try your alternate solution - which in some cases is all we need.

Premium: Made from the best parts, with the best plan, built by people with the best experience… etc.
Made From Sustainably Sourced Forests
Parts Made and Assembled in the USA
Forged From The Highest Grade 440A Surgical Steel

Best Kept Secret: This appeal allows you to be both established AND excitingly new to the new consumer.
Own The Same Tools Used By The Pros!
The Best Kept Secret By Dry Cleaners
Our Family Secret To Fluffy, Delicious Pancakes EVERY Time

The Breakthrough: A forward step in innovation, the Breakthrough angle. Something that “breaks the mold.”
A new spin on traditional healthcare
The XYZ 2000 achieves DOUBLE the power of our original
New Breakthrough Fat Loss Supplement Decimates Belly Fat

Ol’ Fashioned: Some people swear that things were better back in the “good old days” and appealing to their nostalgic sensibilities can be very persuasive to the right audiences.
No fancy software, we build it the “ol’ fashioned way”
We make our XYZ in small batches the way our grandparents did it
We don’t treat you like another number, we do business the old fashioned way




How to Y without Z: 
The thought of being able to perform a familiar task without a conventional piece of the equation is tantalizing to many audiences. When you can do something in a new way it subconsciously reinforces your authority and the idea that you are an innovator worthy of following. This adds to your authority and makes your buyer more likely to act on your offer.
Classic: A straightforward “How to Y without Z” will use the major mechanism of curiosity to drive interest. 
How to rob a bank and not get caught!
How to make a million dollars without becoming a workaholic
How to step on a crack WITHOUT breaking your mother's back

Avoid: Giving someone a way to accomplish a familiar outcome while avoiding a common or familiar pain point will capture many buyers’ interests. Fundamentally a “doesn’t want to” instead of “can’t.”
Breakthrough that 4 pm tired feeling without all the caffeine
Give your family home-made meals without having to cook
We will show you how to XYZ...and it's NOT how you may think

Abstaining: Some individuals are empowered by a choice to avoid certain types of products or services with particular ingredients or traits. At the end of the day, many consumers realize that they vote with their dollars, and using an Abstaining angle empowers the buyer's perception of self-worth, making it a powerful and personal appeal.
The most delicious meatloaf without meat?
The best carpet cleaning without harsh volatile chemicals
Our water bottles are BPA free
If you can Y you can Z
If you can afford a cup of coffee a day, you can afford this course




“News-jack”: 
Using relevant newsworthy content like articles or reports as jumping-off points for your content or offer will get people’s attention and establish correlated authority in your audience's mind. Like most things: the bigger source, the better a piece of curated content is for our purposes. Use articles relevant to your business and in turn, establish or reestablish your authority as a leader in what you are doing. For best results, use the freshest credible sources you can find.
Classic:
The PPP Loan Program is live: here’s what you NEED to know!
5 Shocking Relationship Lessons Your Marriage Can Take Away From Watching Johnny Depp’s Messy Breakup
Over 500 Businesses Are Going Bankrupt and Counting!


Town Crier: “Did you hear?” The Town Crier gets the word before everybody else and has to tell you immediately. People often equate new with accuracy and when you have something relevant to your value proposition that’s hot off the presses, you can use it for a great piece of content
Did you listen to what the president just said? 
Have you read this new article from CNN about dietary supplements from China?
Did you hear that some local mechanics are refusing to XYZ?


Outrage: The outrage angle is perfect when your audience is volatile or quick to respond. Often people will confuse outrage with authority when it means reinforcing something they already believe
Can you believe XYZ?!
XYZ supports Animal Testing, Boycott Them Immediately!
Single Parents Are Fuming At The School Board


Master List of Tactics & Approaches
Like a delicious sauce to a great meal, adding tactics gives your audience a deeper reason to act with an extra dimension to your angles, making the proposition more appealing. 

Instructions: add at least one tactic to an angle and customize with your own content to efficiently create strong offers by mixing and matching.

Funny: The most disarming of all of tactics, humor breaks through conscious and subconscious blocks that the logical arguments just can’t. Its n 


Local: It’s hard to find someone who doesn’t root for the home team. All things being equal, most people will choose the hometown or regional option over one from somewhere else. If you are serving a local market, remind them to choose you over some out of towner. Regional dialects and conversational tones work really well. 


Easy: People will resist even the most beneficial actions if doing so is hard.
You could be XYZ in just minutes!



Placing Blame/Guilt: Many people inherently want to behave responsibly, and guilt is a powerful mechanism for encouraging these people to evaluate if they have covered all their bases.
We wouldn’t blame you for not XYZ…


Social Recommendation Inquiry: Asking someone if your offer is right for someone they know, they must first question it is right for them


Price Posturing: There is room for your solution in the market, whether that’s on the expensive side or on the cheap side of the price spectrum. 
Top of the Heap
Don’t be fooled by cheap imitations
Jack Rabbit Slims serves the $5 Milkshake

For the People:
We serve the cheapest burgers in town!

Bargain: People love a deal and never want to miss a bargain, this truth is universal. Using it as a motivating factor is easy Normally it costs X, but you can get it for Y
Buy 2 X now and get a 3rd FREE!

Story Positioning: Your story is the only thing your competition can’t buy or manufacture. A compelling narrative sticks with buyers above and beyond the logical reasoning part of the brain. Story connects offers to emotions and can help disarm resistant leads.
X happened and I decided I would never let it happen again


Confirming Existing Fear: Sometimes your audience has preconceived notions, suspicions, or ideas already in their mind and by indulging them it builds trust that you are on the same page. Quickly bonds you to a target.

Exclusive: They say that knowledge is power. Secret information is always valuable.
This is Your Exclusive Invitation

Mystery: Setting up a lingering question will persuade your audience to discover the answer.
Can you believe XYZ?


Future Pacing: What will the target FEEL like after making this decision? How will their life be better? A message from the future version of your message recipient, painting a picture of what life is like now after your product/service. A carefully crafted message from someone's future self  .

Classic: 
You’re gonna thank me later when you are ABC 123

You from the future: 

Your state from the future:
What if…?
Imagine 

Please Help: Works great with audiences who already know you but can also be effective with strangers with just a few slight adjustments. 

Because I asked: This is incredibly powerful with warm traffic who already knows you.

Tough Guy: - 
This is for your own good
I’m doing you a favor
Take it or leave it
The “No-Brainer” (don’t be dumb)

Special Occasion:

Straight talk: “I’m going to level with you” we ordered too many XYZ by accident and so we are offering them to you for 15% off.

Backdoor Compliment: The smartest 

“Negging”: Implying that your offer is only right for a certain type of person with specific traits, will subconsciously push the audience to want to “pick a side.” Add to this appeal by making someone feel like this distinction elevates them above someone else and those that pick your side will often be more excited and engaged than a typical lead.

Dry: you just say it - feels official
“2 pills, 8 hours, NO pain”
100% Unlimited On Demand Coaching, no hidden fees

Risk Reversal: Every investment or purchase comes with risk and with every dollar involved compounds this factor exponentially. A risk reversal literally tries to reduce the buyer's risk using assurances, guarantees, or promises to encourage confidence in your offer. A Risk Reversal can sometimes be the only way to turn a “maybe” into a “yes,” but you better be ready to deliver as you will have to make good on the certainties you provide. Generally only as credible as the business's reputation itself. New or unestablished businesses may not see as much of a response to this type of angle.
Money-Back Guarantee
30 Day return Policy
You have nothing to lose!

Eat the Dog Food: I do it to make my life better, and you should too!

Teachable Moment: Something happened and it’s a teachable moment (Newsjack)

Absurd Connection - 

Injustice: Something or someone has been wronged and the reader should be upset and called to action as a result.


Entitlement - You deserve

Sex appeal

Jealousy
“Boyish” Wonder - people are interested in people who are interested in things. When you show a fascination on a topic related to the targets interest, it will allow you to 

